
I’ll live to see, a million things, that men were never meant to see,
My senses and my faculties, augmented with machinery.
Auditory, optical, touch and taste olfactory
Converted into data streams and flooding bits of binary
Every piece of food you taste, and every thought you cogitate
Every sound that you can hear and sights you see for years and years
All stored up so conveniently on peta-bytes of memory
So you can always reference them in case you forget anything

Singularity, Singularity!
Singularity, Singularity!
Oh..... I don’t know...
(Repeat once)

Now once all that experience can fit into an easy grid
Existence is no longer something physically limited.
The wires that you have inside are very easily realized
Through artificial imaging you duplicate 10 at a time.
Your consciousness can be enjoyed by anyone forever more.
And you live in whatever state that you or anyone creates.
You could be a giant squirrel, a statue or a burning thorn,
a talking cat, an etch-a-sketch, a squid or a robot unicorn.
You’d keep all the memories and feelings you could ever want,
And now you can commence your life as an uploaded extropian

Singularity, Singularity...

My mother is so horrified by this post-human fantasy
she says we’d lose that special thing that gives us our humanity.
But I don’t know. I’m not so sure if humans are so good and pure.
Perhaps we’d be much better off if we took these violent bodies off.

Once everyone is in the cloud we’ll move beyond this earthly ground,
expanding into outer space as an informational signal race.
Matter in the solar system converts into computing mass
and the sun becomes a central orb of a brain that grows into the vast
expanse of space and emptiness for light years and light centuries.
It replicates exponentially like a Russian doll in a cosmic dream.
Once every spot of the universe is filled up it will promptly burst
eradicating finally the experiment that we grew from earth
As it explodes the brain will breathe into the dark impossibly,
and anti-matter all around will collapse the universe back down,
and right away what you would see if you were a fly in the vacancy
is all the light and color in the universe is collapsing.

And Time Would Stop.

….







And from a tiny pinhole point...
 a vast bang erupts... 
into space....

And trillions of new particles...
 fly away at a photonic...
pace...

And......  
Once again the clock would start to tick and tock and tick and tock
and years would pass, billions or more before the tiny proteins locked
and yet again in the boiling seas of a miniscule blue anomaly.
A planet floating helplessly around a tiny ball so fiery.
An unextraordinary corner of the universe would cradle it:
The flicker of intelligence that led us here and brought us this…


Singularity, Singularity!
Singularity, Singularity!
Oh..... I don’t know...

Singularity, Singularity!
Singularity, Singularity!
Oh..... I don’t know...

Oh... I don’t know...
