  Some nights I awake from my bed in cold terror
  with echoes of nightmares just roaming my skin.
  All the wrongs, all the dangers I hold off in daytime
  return to my thoughts as the night closes in.

  It gets so much harder when monsters are true.
  I can't quite imagine just what we could do.
  A miracle's needed to see us all through.
  But what have we got?  We've got me; we've got you.
  And I...

      I have seen the tops of clouds.
      I can breathe beneath the sea.
      I laugh with friends from across the world.
      Where I go a library goes with me.                

  I see the destruction of earth, sky and ocean.
  See ignorant thinking and hate in the heart,
  Signs of frailty throughout our civilization
  It may be our ticket was punched from the start.

  I'd never say ``cover your eyes from bad news.''
  But giving up now is a sure way to lose.
  So know that to hope is a thing you can choose.
  Just dig through our past: there are signs; there are clues.
  Like that...


      I have seen the tops of clouds.
      I can breathe beneath the sea.
      I laugh with friends from across the world.
      Where I go a library goes with me.                

  This isn't a thing that our past selves expected.
  Lord Kelvin assured us that steel cannot fly.
  His mistake was quite subtle and all we need hope for
  Is similar errors in proofs we'll all die.

  And if we yet meet with the end that we fear,
  'Twill still have been good that this once we were here:
  For one shining moment life saw itself clear,
  And dreamed of how soon to the stars it might steer.
  And how...

      I have seen the tops of clouds.
      I can breathe beneath the sea.
      I laugh with friends from across the world.
      Where I go a library goes with me.                

  Yes I have seen the tops of clouds (tops of clouds)
  And I can breathe beneath the sea (the sea)
  And how I laugh with friends from across the world
  Where I go a library goes with me.  Goes with me.
  Goes with me!

